README.md, before:

TODO: 
- [] Files view
    - [x] Show list
    - [x] Actions on click on item
        - [x] directory
        - [x] disk
        - [x] file
    - [] Add padding at the bottom of list
    - [] Different List appearance
    - [] Files Sorting
    - [] Files grouping
    - [] Extended icons for files - ?
        - [] Icons with file extensions - ?
        - [] Unique icons for specific files - ?
- [x] Navbar
    - [x] Path Input
        - [] Finish styles
    - [x] Navigation Buttons
    - [x] Reload window Button
    - [x] Move to parent directory button
- [x] Frame
    - [x] BUG: Maximizing/restoring to window doesn't change icon in middle window control button
    - [x] Window Controls
- [x] Explorer history
    - [] Limit length of history - ?
- [] App Config
- [] Settings
- [] Localization
- [] Context Menu
- [] Side Menu
- [] Drag and drop
- [] Custom scrollbar
- [] Hotkeys
- [] Customization
- [] Search files in file system
- [] Tests
- [] Interactivity
    - [] Show loader while dir is scanning
    - [] Show loader while file is opening
- [] Integration
    - [] Button in native explorer context menu
    - [] Open app using console

Commit message:

feat: path splitting in path input cover

README.md, after:

TODO: 
- [] Files view
    - [x] Show list
    - [x] Actions on click on item
        - [x] directory
        - [x] disk
        - [x] file
    - [] Add padding at the bottom of list
    - [] Different List appearance
    - [] Files Sorting
    - [] Files grouping
    - [] Extended icons for files - ?
        - [] Icons with file extensions - ?
        - [] Unique icons for specific files - ?
- [x] Navbar
    - [x] Path Input
        - [] Finish styles
        - [x] Path splitting in path input cover
        - [] FIXME: on input submit with empty input value path checker says that path does'nt exist
    - [x] Navigation Buttons
    - [x] Reload window Button
    - [x] Move to parent directory button
- [x] Frame
    - [x] FIXED: Maximizing/restoring to window doesn't change icon in middle window control button
    - [x] Window Controls
- [x] Explorer history
    - [] Limit length of history - ?
- [] App Config
- [] Settings
- [] Localization
- [] Context Menu
- [] Side Menu
- [] Drag and drop
- [] Custom scrollbar
- [] Hotkeys
- [] Customization
- [] Search files in file system
- [] Tests
- [] Interactivity
    - [] Show loader while dir is scanning
    - [] Show loader while file is opening
- [] Integration
    - [] Button in native explorer context menu
    - [] Open app using console
